Acinonyx jubatus:animal
Africander:animal
Aranea diademata:animal
Araneus cavaticus:animal
Argiope aurantia:animal
Asian horseshoe crab:animal
Canis aureus:animal
Canis familiaris:animal
Clupea harangus:animal
Devon:animal
Felis onca:animal
Fissipedia:animal
Formica rufa:animal
Frankliniella fusca:animal
Hippopotamus amphibius:animal
Latrodectus mactans:animal
Limulus polyphemus:animal
Menopon gallinae:animal
Menopon palladum:animal
Merostomata:animal
Monomorium minimum:animal
Monomorium pharaonis:animal
Orycteropus afer:animal
Panthera leo:animal
Panthera onca:animal
Panthera pardus:animal
Panthera tigris:animal
Panthera uncia:animal
Pediculus capitis:animal
Pediculus corporis:animal
Pediculus humanus:animal
Phthirius pubis:animal
Phylloxera vitifoleae:animal
Scutigerella immaculata:animal
Thrips tobaci:animal
Unguiculata:animal
Ungulata:animal
Vicugna vicugna:animal
Welsh:animal
Welsh Black:animal
Xiphosurus polyphemus:animal
aardvark:animal
acanthocephalan:animal
adelgid:animal
annelid:animal
annelid worm:animal
ant:animal
ant bear:animal
anteater:animal
aphid:animal
aquatic mammal:animal
arachnid:animal
arachnoid:animal
army ant:animal
arrowworm:animal
arthropod:animal
artiodactyl:animal
artiodactyl:animal
artiodactyl mammal:animal
artiodactyl mammal:animal
barn spider:animal
bass:animal
bat:animal
beard worm:animal
bee killer:animal
beef:animal
beef cattle:animal
beetle:animal
big cat:animal
bird louse:animal
bitch:animal
biting louse:animal
black and gold garden spider:animal
black widow:animal
blowfish:animal
bluefish:animal
body louse:animal
bottom fish:animal
bream:animal
brook trout:animal
buck:animal
buffalofish:animal
bug:animal
bull:animal
bulldog ant:animal
bullock:animal
butterfish:animal
camel:animal
canine:animal
carnivore:animal
carp:animal
carpenter ant:animal
cat:animal
catfish:animal
cattle:animal
centipede:animal
chaetognath:animal
char:animal
charr:animal
cheetah:animal
chetah:animal
chicken louse:animal
chiropteran:animal
class Merostomata:animal
cod:animal
codfish:animal
collembolan:animal
colugo:animal
comb-footed spider:animal
common louse:animal
coney:animal
cony:animal
cootie:animal
cow:animal
crab:animal
crab louse:animal
crane fly:animal
croaker:animal
crustacean:animal
cusk:animal
daddy longlegs:animal
dairy cattle:animal
dairy cow:animal
das:animal
dassie:animal
defoliator:animal
dictyopterous insect:animal
digitigrade:animal
digitigrade mammal:animal
dinoceras:animal
dinocerate:animal
dinocerate:animal
dipteran:animal
dipteron:animal
dipterous insect:animal
doe:animal
dog:animal
dolphinfish:animal
domestic dog:animal
driver ant:animal
earwig:animal
edentate:animal
elasmobranch:animal
ephemeral:animal
ephemerid:animal
ephemeron:animal
ephemeropteran:animal
equid:animal
equine:animal
eurypterid:animal
eutherian:animal
eutherian mammal:animal
even-toed ungulate:animal
even-toed ungulate:animal
fang:animal
farm animal:animal
feline:animal
fire ant:animal
flatfish:animal
flatworm:animal
flea:animal
fly:animal
flying cat:animal
flying lemur:animal
food fish:animal
fox:animal
freshwater bass:animal
freshwater bream:animal
freshwater fish:animal
fruit fly:animal
fungus gnat:animal
gall gnat:animal
gall midge:animal
gallfly:animal
garden centipede:animal
garden spider:animal
garden symphilid:animal
gnat:animal
gnawer:animal
gnawing animal:animal
gnawing mammal:animal
grade:animal
grape louse:animal
grape phylloxera:animal
groundfish:animal
grouper:animal
head louse:animal
helminth:animal
hemipteran:animal
hemipteron:animal
hemipterous insect:animal
herring:animal
heteropterous insect:animal
hippo:animal
hippoboscid:animal
hippopotamus:animal
holometabola:animal
homopteran:animal
homopterous insect:animal
hoofed mammal:animal
horseshoe crab:animal
hunting spider:animal
hyaena:animal
hyena:animal
hymenopter:animal
hymenopteran:animal
hymenopteron:animal
hymenopterous insect:animal
hyrax:animal
imago:animal
insect:animal
insect:animal
insectivore:animal
instar:animal
jackal:animal
jaguar:animal
jumping plant louse:animal
king crab:animal
king of beasts:animal
kingfish:animal
lagomorph:animal
lake trout:animal
leaf-miner:animal
leaf miner:animal
legionary ant:animal
leopard:animal
lepidopteran:animal
lepidopteron:animal
lepidopterous insect:animal
liger:animal
lingcod:animal
lion:animal
little black ant:animal
livestock:animal
llama:animal
louse:animal
louse fly:animal
mackerel:animal
mahimahi:animal
mecopteran:animal
metabola:animal
milch cow:animal
milcher:animal
milk cow:animal
milker:animal
millepede:animal
milliped:animal
millipede:animal
monkfish:animal
moo-cow:animal
mosquito:animal
mudcat:animal
musk hog:animal
myriapod:animal
nematode:animal
nematode worm:animal
nemertean:animal
nemertine:animal
neuropteran:animal
neuropteron:animal
neuropterous insect:animal
oak blight:animal
odd-toed ungulate:animal
odd-toed ungulate:animal
odonate:animal
onion louse:animal
onion thrips:animal
onychophoran:animal
orb-weaving spider:animal
orthopteran:animal
orthopteron:animal
orthopterous insect:animal
ounce:animal
ox:animal
pachyderm:animal
pangolin:animal
panther:animal
parasitic worm:animal
peccary:animal
pentastomid:animal
perch:animal
peripatus:animal
perissodactyl:animal
perissodactyl:animal
perissodactyl mammal:animal
perissodactyl mammal:animal
pharaoh's ant:animal
pharaoh ant:animal
phasmid:animal
phasmid insect:animal
pike:animal
pilchard:animal
plantigrade:animal
plantigrade mammal:animal
platyhelminth:animal
plecopteran:animal
pogonophoran:animal
pollack:animal
pollinator:animal
pollock:animal
pomace fly:animal
pompano:animal
porgy:animal
primate:animal
proboscidean:animal
proboscidian:animal
proboscis worm:animal
proturan:animal
psocopterous insect:animal
psylla:animal
psyllid:animal
pubic louse:animal
puffer:animal
pufferfish:animal
pupa:animal
pycnogonid:animal
queen:animal
ray:animal
red poll:animal
red rockfish:animal
rhino:animal
rhinoceros:animal
ribbon worm:animal
river horse:animal
robber fly:animal
rockfish:animal
rodent:animal
roundworm:animal
ruminant:animal
saber-toothed tiger:animal
sabertooth:animal
sailfish:animal
salmon:animal
salmonid:animal
saltwater fish:animal
sardine:animal
scaly anteater:animal
sciara:animal
sciarid:animal
scup:animal
sea bass:animal
sea bream:animal
sea spider:animal
sea squab:animal
segmented worm:animal
shad:animal
shaft louse:animal
shark:animal
slave-maker:animal
slave-making ant:animal
slave ant:animal
snapper:animal
snow leopard:animal
sole:animal
speckled trout:animal
spider:animal
spiny-headed worm:animal
springtail:animal
steer:animal
stirk:animal
stock:animal
stone fly:animal
stonefly:animal
sucker:animal
sucking louse:animal
sunfish:animal
swine:animal
swordfish:animal
symphilid:animal
tapir:animal
tarantula:animal
tardigrade:animal
telsontail:animal
termite:animal
theridiid:animal
thrips:animal
thysanopter:animal
thysanopteron:animal
thysanopterous insect:animal
thysanuran insect:animal
thysanuron:animal
tiger:animal
tiglon:animal
tigon:animal
tobacco thrips:animal
tongue worm:animal
trap-door spider:animal
tree shrew:animal
trichopteran:animal
trichopteron:animal
trichopterous insect:animal
trilobite:animal
trout:animal
true cat:animal
tuna:animal
tuna fish:animal
tunny:animal
two-winged insects:animal
uintathere:animal
unguiculate:animal
unguiculate mammal:animal
ungulate:animal
ungulate:animal
velvet worm:animal
vicuna:animal
weakfish:animal
web spinner:animal
white ant:animal
whitefish:animal
whiting:animal
wild dog:animal
wolf:animal
wolf spider:animal
wood ant:animal
woodworm:animal
worker:animal
worm:animal
yearling:animal
old squaw:animal
