Earth:location
accountancy:location
accounting:location
acreage:location
advertising:location
agency:location
agribusiness:location
agriculture:location
aisle:location
anchorage:location
anchorage ground:location
anechoic chamber:location
antechamber:location
anteroom:location
appointment:location
apposition:location
area:location
area of cardiac dullness:location
arena:location
areola:location
art gallery:location
auditorium:location
back room:location
baggage claim:location
bakehouse:location
bakery:location
bakeshop:location
balk:location
ballroom:location
bar:location
barroom:location
base:location
bath:location
bathroom:location
baulk:location
bed-ground:location
bed ground:location
bedchamber:location
bedground:location
bedroom:location
beehive:location
belfry:location
bema:location
berth:location
big business:location
billet:location
billiard hall:location
billiard parlor:location
billiard parlour:location
billiard room:location
billiard saloon:location
bilocation:location
biz:location
blank space:location
block:location
boardroom:location
box:location
breakfast area:location
breakfast nook:location
breathing room:location
breathing space:location
broadcast area:location
broken home:location
brokerage:location
brokerage house:location
building:location
bullpen:location
business:location
business firm:location
butchering:location
butchery:location
calling:location
can:location
cardroom:location
career:location
carrier:location
catering:location
cell:location
central:location
chain:location
chamber:location
chancel:location
checkroom:location
choir:location
city block:location
classroom:location
clean room:location
clear:location
clearance:location
cleavage:location
cliff dwelling:location
cloakroom:location
closet:location
clubroom:location
coatroom:location
colliery:location
collocation:location
common carrier:location
compartment:location
condo:location
condominium:location
confectionery:location
conference room:location
conjugal family:location
construction:location
control room:location
corner:location
cortical area:location
cortical region:location
council chamber:location
court:location
courtroom:location
courtyard:location
craft:location
creamery:location
cubby:location
cubbyhole:location
cubicle:location
cutting room:location
dance hall:location
dance palace:location
danger:location
darkroom:location
dead-air space:location
dealership:location
den:location
dinette:location
dining-room:location
dining area:location
dining room:location
disaster area:location
discount business:location
distaff:location
domicile:location
door:location
dressing room:location
drill site:location
durbar:location
dwell:location
echo sounding:location
echolocation:location
employee-owned business:location
employee-owned enterprise:location
employment:location
engine room:location
engineering:location
entrance hall:location
epigastrium:location
erasure:location
erogenous zone:location
exchange:location
extended family:location
factory farm:location
family circle:location
farm:location
farming:location
field:location
field of operation:location
finance:location
fingering:location
fireside:location
firm:location
fish farm:location
fishery:location
fishing:location
fixer-upper:location
floor:location
footprint:location
forge:location
foster family:location
foster home:location
fovea:location
fovea centralis:location
foyer:location
franchise:location
free port:location
free zone:location
front:location
front room:location
furnace room:location
gallery:location
game:location
gasworks:location
ginmill:location
glassworks:location
goalmouth:location
gray area:location
greenroom:location
grey area:location
groin:location
guardroom:location
half-moon:location
hall:location
hangout:location
haunt:location
headroom:location
headway:location
hearth:location
here:location
hermitage:location
hideaway:location
home:location
home away from home:location
home from home:location
homestead:location
hospital room:location
house:location
houseroom:location
hunting ground:location
hypochondrium:location
implantation:location
indian lodge:location
industry:location
inguen:location
interposition:location
ironworks:location
jail cell:location
job:location
john:location
jungle:location
juxtaposition:location
kingdom:location
kitchen:location
lab:location
laboratory:location
lake dwelling:location
land:location
land-office business:location
land area:location
lap:location
laundry:location
lav:location
lavatory:location
lawcourt:location
lay-by:location
layby:location
lebensraum:location
left-luggage office:location
library:location
line:location
line of business:location
living-room:location
living room:location
living space:location
lobby:location
location:location
locker room:location
lodge:location
loins:location
lounge:location
lumberyard:location
lunula:location
lunule:location
macula:location
macula lutea:location
macular area:location
maker:location
manor hall:location
manufacture:location
manufacturer:location
manufacturing business:location
medium:location
menage a trois:location
messuage:location
metier:location
middle:location
midriff:location
midsection:location
nave:location
no-go area:location
no man's land:location
nook:location
nuclear family:location
occasions:location
office:location
open:location
orchestra pit:location
orientation:location
outer space:location
oyster bank:location
oyster bed:location
oyster park:location
packaging:location
palm:location
panopticon:location
parafovea:location
parking:location
parlor:location
parlour:location
partnership:location
patio:location
patronage:location
peanut gallery:location
perineum:location
photography:location
picture gallery:location
pile dwelling:location
piscary:location
pit:location
place:location
plane section:location
planting:location
point:location
political arena:location
political sphere:location
poolroom:location
position:location
post:location
presence chamber:location
preserve:location
press gallery:location
printing:location
prison cell:location
privy:location
processor:location
profession:location
province:location
proving ground:location
pubes:location
pubic region:location
publication:location
publicizing:location
publishing:location
pull-off:location
quad:location
quadrangle:location
quadrant:location
quick:location
rain shadow:location
rathole:location
reading room:location
real-estate business:location
realm:location
rec room:location
reception room:location
recreation room:location
refuge:location
repair:location
repositioning:location
research lab:location
research laboratory:location
resort:location
responsibility:location
rest area:location
rest stop:location
retreat:location
ring of color:location
room:location
rope yard:location
ropewalk:location
rotunda:location
roundhouse:location
sacristy:location
safety:location
saloon:location
salt mine:location
sanctuary:location
scene:location
schoolroom:location
schtick:location
schtik:location
science lab:location
science laboratory:location
scriptorium:location
scullery:location
sea room:location
seating:location
seating area:location
seating room:location
seats:location
second balcony:location
section:location
semi-detached house:location
set:location
sewing room:location
shipbuilder:location
shipping:location
shipping room:location
shipyard:location
shop:location
shop floor:location
shower room:location
shrubbery:location
shtick:location
shtik:location
sick berth:location
sickbay:location
sickroom:location
side:location
sitting room:location
situation:location
sleeping room:location
smithy:location
smoking room:location
snug:location
snuggery:location
sodom:location
solarium:location
sole:location
somewhere:location
space:location
sport:location
spot:location
squad room:location
staging area:location
stamping ground:location
standing room:location
steam bath:location
steam room:location
storage:location
storage room:location
storage space:location
storeroom:location
stowage:location
stratification:location
studio:location
study:location
sun lounge:location
sun parlor:location
sun parlour:location
sun porch:location
sunporch:location
sunroom:location
superposition:location
surgery:location
tank farm:location
tannery:location
taproom:location
telephone exchange:location
television room:location
terrace:location
territory:location
test bed:location
test room:location
testing room:location
thenar:location
there:location
threshing floor:location
toilet:location
torture chamber:location
tourism:location
touristry:location
trade:location
trading floor:location
transport:location
transportation:location
treadmill:location
turnaround:location
tv room:location
underperformer:location
upper balcony:location
vacation home:location
vapor bath:location
vapour bath:location
venture:location
vestibule:location
vestry:location
vocation:location
waist:location
waistline:location
waiting area:location
waiting room:location
walk-in:location
war room:location
waterworks:location
whereabouts:location
white room:location
winner's circle:location
work:location
workplace:location
workroom:location
workshop:location
yellow spot:location
yurt:location
beach:location
harbour:location
old country:location
