abator:person
abjurer:person
abomination:person
abstainer:person
abstinent:person
academic:person
achiever:person
acquaintance:person
acquirer:person
active:person
actor:person
adjudicator:person
adjutant:person
admirer:person
adonis:person
adoptee:person
adult:person
advisee:person
advocate:person
advocator:person
affiant:person
African:person
aggregator:person
agnostic:person
aide-de-camp:person
aide:person
air force officer:person
allayer:person
amateur:person
amazon:person
Amerindian:person
ancient:person
anomaly:person
antediluvian:person
anti-American:person
anti:person
ape:person
aper:person
applicant:person
applier:person
appointee:person
appointment:person
appreciator:person
apprehender:person
Aquarius:person
archaist:person
Archer:person
Aries:person
arrogator:person
artilleryman:person
assessee:person
assimilator:person
asthmatic:person
attempter:person
attorney general:person
aunt:female
authority:person
autodidact:person
B-girl:female
baboo:person
babu:person
baby boomer:person
baby buster:person
baby:person
bachelor girl:female
bachelor:person
bachelorette:female
back-number:person
bad guy:male
bad person:person
baggage:person
Balance:person
baldhead:person
baldpate:person
baldy:person
balker:person
ball-breaker:person
ball-buster:person
bar girl:female
bas bleu:person
bather:person
battler:person
baulker:person
bawd:person
beard:person
beau:person
beauty:person
bedfellow:person
beguiler:person
beholder:person
belligerent:person
bereaved person:person
bereaved:person
best:person
bey:person
biter:person
Black man:male
Black person:person
Black woman:female
Black:person
black:person
blackamoor:person
blogger:person
bloke:person
blond:person
blonde:person
bluecoat:person
bluejacket:person
bluestocking:person
bobby:person
bodybuilder:person
bomber:person
boomer:person
border patrolman:person
boy:male
boyfriend:male
bozo:person
brass hat:person
bridesmaid:female
broad:person
brother:male
bruiser:person
brunet:person
brunette:person
Bull:person
bull:person
bullfighter:person
buster:person
Cancer:person
candidate:person
cannoneer:person
Capricorn:person
captor:person
capturer:person
cardholder:person
carrottop:person
case:person
cashier:person
castrate:person
cat:person
Caucasian:person
celebrant:person
celebrater:person
celebrator:person
censor:person
centenarian:person
chameleon:person
changer:person
charmer:person
checker:person
chess piece:person
chessman:person
chief of staff:person
child:person
chooser:person
chutzpanik:person
Cinderella:person
closer:person
cloud seeder:person
clumsy person:person
cobber:person
cocotte:person
coddler:person
collector:person
color-blind person:person
combatant:person
comforter:person
commandant:person
commander:person
commanding officer:person
commando:person
commissioned officer:person
common man:person
common person:person
commoner:person
communicator:person
compeer:person
complexifier:person
compulsive:person
computer user:person
comrade:person
conscript:person
constable:person
contemplative:person
contestant:person
contriver:person
controller:person
controversialist:person
convert:person
cop:person
copper:person
copycat:person
coquette:person
counter:person
counterterrorist:person
coward:person
Crab:person
crawler:person
creator:person
creature:person
creditor:person
creeper:person
cripple:person
cross-dresser:person
curmudgeon:person
cyprian:person
dad:person
dada:male
daddy:male
dame:female
dancer:person
date:person
deaf person:person
deb:person
debaser:person
debitor:person
debtor:person
debutante:person
defecator:person
degrader:person
delayer:person
Delilah:person
deliverer:person
demander:person
denizen:person
deputy sheriff:person
deputy:person
desk officer:person
detective:person
devil dog:person
deviser:person
dieter:person
differentiator:person
discriminator:person
disentangler:person
dish:person
disputant:person
dissenter:person
dissident:person
divider:person
divorced man:person
dodderer:person
dodo:person
doer:person
domestic partner:person
dominatrix:person
donna:person
doormat:person
dotard:person
double:person
doubter:person
draftee:person
dresser:person
dribbler:person
driveller:person
drooler:person
drug user:person
dude:person
dupe:person
dweller:person
dyslectic:person
ectomorph:person
effecter:person
effector:person
ejaculator:person
ejector:person
Elizabethan:person
emotional person:person
emulator:person
enchantress:person
endomorph:person
enjoyer:person
enlisted person:person
enrollee:person
entertainer:person
equal:person
eristic:person
escort:person
Esq:person
Esquire:person
essayer:person
ethnic:person
eunuch:person
ex-husband:male
ex-serviceman:person
ex-wife:female
ex:person
exboyfriend:person
excuser:person
executive officer:person
expectorator:person
experimenter:person
expert:person
exponent:person
extravert:person
extrovert:person
eyeful:person
face:person
faculty member:person
faddist:person
faller:person
fancy woman:female
fastener:person
father figure:male
father surrogate:male
father-figure:male
father-in-law:male
fellow:person
female person:female
female:female
femme fatale:female
fiduciary:person
fighter:person
fille:person
first mate:person
first person:person
first-rater:person
Fish:person
flatfoot:person
fleer:person
flirt:person
fogey:person
fogy:person
follower:person
forerunner:person
forgiver:person
fossil:person
free agent:person
free spirit:person
freewheeler:person
friend:person
fugitive:person
fuzz:person
gainer:person
galoot:person
gambler:person
gaoler:person
gatekeeper:person
gatherer:person
gay:person
geezer:person
geisha girl:female
geisha:female
gem:person
Gemini:person
gendarme:person
gentile:person
gentleman:person
gentlewoman:person
girl:female
girlfriend:female
Goat:person
gold digger:person
golden boy:male
good guy:male
good person:person
granter:person
grass widower:person
gravida:person
graybeard:person
greeter:person
greybeard:male
grinner:person
groaner:person
grownup:person
grunter:person
guesser:person
guinea pig:person
gunner:person
guy:male
habitant:person
handicapped person:person
harlot:female
hater:person
he-man:male
head nurse:person
Herr:person
heterosexual person:person
heterosexual:person
hombre:male
Homo erectus:person
Homo habilis:person
Homo rhodesiensis:person
Homo sapiens neanderthalensis:person
Homo sapiens:person
Homo soloensis:person
homo:male
homophile:person
homosexual:male
homunculus:person
Hooray Henry:person
hope:person
hoper:person
houri:person
housefather:male
huddler:person
hugger:person
human beings:person
human race:person
humanity:person
humankind:person
humans:person
hunk:person
husband:male
image:person
imitator:person
immune:person
inamorata:person
inamorato:person
indigen:person
indigene:person
individualist:person
inductee:person
indweller:person
inexperienced person:person
inhabitant:person
innocent:person
inspector general:person
inspector:person
insured person:person
insured:person
intellect:person
intellectual:person
interpreter:person
introvert:person
investigator:person
iron man:male
ironman:male
ironside:person
jailer:person
jailor:person
Jat:person
jewel:person
jezebel:person
jilt:person
jumper:person
junior:person
juvenile person:person
juvenile:person
killer:person
kink:person
kneeler:person
knocker:person
knockout:person
knower:person
ladino:person
lady friend:female
lady of pleasure:female
lady:female
large person:person
Latin:person
laugher:person
lawman:male
learner:person
leatherneck:person
left-hander:person
lefty:person
Leo:person
Libra:person
lieutenant:person
life:person
lightning rod:person
Lion:person
literate person:person
literate:person
liver:person
longer:person
look-alike:person
looker:person
loose cannon:person
lover:person
lulu:person
ma'am:female
ma:female
machine gunner:person
machine:person
macho-man:male
madam:female
maenad:person
maid of honor:female
mailer:person
maimer:person
malcontent:person
male parent:male
male person:male
male:male
mama:female
mamma:female
mammy:female
man jack:male
man:male
mangler:person
manipulator:person
mankind:person
mantrap:female
Marine:person
married:person
masturbator:person
match:person
mate:person
mater:person
materfamilias:female
matriarch:female
matron:female
measurer:person
mediocrity:person
mesomorph:person
mestiza:person
mestizo:person
Methuselah:person
middle-aged man:male
middlebrow:person
military adviser:person
military advisor:person
military officer:person
military policeman:male
military volunteer:person
minx:female
miracle man:male
miracle worker:person
misogamist:person
miss:female
missy:female
mixed-blood:person
modern:person
modifier:person
mollycoddler:person
mom:female
momma:female
mommy:female
money dealer:person
money handler:person
monolingual:person
Monsieur:person
mother figure:female
mother hen:female
mother:female
motorcycle cop:person
motorcycle policeman:male
Mountie:person
mouse:female
mover and shaker:person
MP:person
mum:female
mummy:female
muscle builder:person
muscle-builder:person
musclebuilder:person
muscleman:male
mutilator:person
namer:person
namesake:person
nanny:person
narc:person
narcotics agent:person
nark:person
national:person
Native American:person
native:person
navigator:person
navy man:male
Neandertal man:person
Neandertal:person
Neanderthal man:person
Neanderthal:person
needer:person
neglecter:person
Negro:person
Negroid:person
neighbor:person
neighbour:person
neutral:person
nonagenarian:person
noncom:person
noncombatant:person
noncommissioned officer:person
noncompliant:person
nondescript:person
nondrinker:person
nonmember:person
nonparticipant:person
nonpartisan:person
nonpartizan:person
nonperson:person
nonreligious person:person
nonresident:person
nonsmoker:person
nonworker:person
nude person:person
nude:person
nullipara:person
nurse:person
nursemaid:female
nurser:person
nymph:female
nymphet:female
objector:person
observer:person
occultist:person
occupier:person
octogenarian:person
officer:person
old boy:male
old codger:male
old geezer:male
old guard:person
old hand:person
old lady:female
old maid:female
old man of the mountain:male
old man:male
old master:male
old person:person
old stager:person
old woman:female
onanist:person
opener:person
optimist:person
orphan:person
ostrich:person
ouster:person
outcaste:person
outdoorsman:male
owner:person
pa:male
pal:male
pamperer:person
pansexual:person
papa:male
pappa:male
para I:person
pardoner:person
partner:person
party:person
passer:person
pater:person
paterfamilias:male
patriarch:male
patrolman:male
peach:person
peer:person
perceiver:person
percher:person
percipient:person
person of color:person
person of colour:person
person:person
persona non grata:person
personage:person
personification:person
perspirer:person
Peter Pan:person
philanderer:person
philosopher:person
picker:person
pig:person
Pisces:person
pisser:person
planner:person
playfellow:male
playmate:female
police constable:person
police detective:person
police lieutenant:person
police matron:person
police officer:person
police sergeant:person
policeman:male
policewoman:female
pop:male
posseman:male
possessor:person
posturer:person
powderer:person
precursor:person
preserver:person
prickteaser:person
primipara:person
primitive person:person
primitive:person
prison guard:person
probation officer:person
prof:person
professor:person
proponent:person
propositus:person
prospect:person
prostitute:person
protester:person
public relations person:person
puerpera:person
purser:person
pursuer:person
pussycat:person
quadripara:person
quarter:person
quester:person
quintipara:person
quitter:person
radical:person
Ram:person
Ranger:person
ranger:person
ravisher:person
realist:person
recoverer:person
rectifier:person
red-header:person
redhead:person
redheader:person
registrant:person
relation:person
relative:person
reliever:person
repeater:person
rescuer:person
rester:person
restrainer:person
revenant:person
Rhodesian man:person
rich person:person
right hander:person
right-hander:person
righthander:person
riser:person
romanticist:person
romper:person
roundhead:person
runaway:person
rusher:person
Sagittarius:person
sailing master:person
sailor boy:male
sailor:person
saluter:person
Samson:person
saver:person
scholar:person
Scorpio:person
Scorpion:person
scourge:person
scrag:person
scrapper:person
scratcher:person
screw:person
searcher:person
second person:person
second-rater:person
seeder:person
seeker:person
segregate:person
selector:person
self:person
Senhor:person
sensualist:person
sentimentalist:person
septuagenarian:person
sergeant at arms:person
sergeant:person
serjeant-at-arms:person
sex object:person
sexagenarian:person
shaker:person
shaver:person
sheriff:person
shiksa:person
shikse:person
shipboard soldier:person
shitter:person
shoofly:person
showman:male
signatory:person
signer:person
significant other:person
signior:person
signor:person
signore:person
simple:person
simpleton:person
sir:male
siren:person
sister:female
six-footer:person
skidder:person
skin and bones:person
Slav:person
slave:person
slayer:person
sleepyhead:person
slider:person
slipper:person
slobberer:person
sloucher:person
small person:person
smasher:person
smiler:person
smotherer:person
sneezer:person
sniffer:person
sniffler:person
sniveler:person
snuffer:person
snuffler:person
social dancer:person
socialiser:person
socializer:person
solicitor general:person
sort:person
sounding board:person
southpaw:person
speed cop:person
sphinx:person
spitter:person
spoiler:person
sport:person
sporting lady:female
spousal equivalent:person
spouse equivalent:person
sprawler:person
spurner:person
squint-eye:person
squinter:person
squirmer:person
state trooper:person
steward:person
stiff:person
stifler:person
stigmatic:person
stigmatist:person
stooper:person
straight person:person
straight:person
strapper:person
striper:person
struggler:person
stud:male
stunner:person
subject:person
substance abuser:person
succeeder:person
success:person
supercargo:person
supermom:female
supernumerary:person
surrenderer:person
surrogate mother:person
survivalist:person
survivor:person
suspect:person
swain:person
sweater:person
sweetheart:female
sylph:person
tagger:person
tapper:person
tart:female
Tarzan:person
Taurus:person
tease:female
tec:person
tempter:male
temptress:female
termer:person
terror:person
testate:person
testator:person
Texas Ranger:person
thin person:person
third person:person
third-rater:person
thirster:person
threat:person
thrower:person
tiger:person
topper:person
toreador:person
totemist:person
toucher:person
tovarich:person
tovarisch:person
traffic cop:person
transexual:person
transfer:person
transferee:person
transsexual:person
transvestite:person
trier:person
trooper:person
turner:person
turnkey:person
Twin:person
tyrant:person
uncle:male
undoer:person
unfastener:person
unfortunate person:person
unfortunate:person
unmarried man:male
unmarried woman:female
unperson:person
unraveler:person
unraveller:person
unskilled person:person
untier:person
unusual person:person
unwelcome person:person
urinator:person
user:person
vamp:person
vamper:person
vanisher:person
vestal:person
vet:person
veteran soldier:person
veteran:person
victim:person
Victorian:person
virago:person
Virgin:person
Virgo:person
visionary:person
visually impaired person:person
voider:person
voluntary:person
volunteer:person
Wac:person
waiter:person
waker:person
walk-in:person
wanter:person
ward:person
warden:person
warder:person
warrant officer:person
watcher:person
Water Bearer:person
weakling:person
wealthy person:person
weight gainer:person
welcomer:person
white man:male
white person:person
white woman:female
white:person
whore:female
widow woman:female
widow:female
widower:person
widowman:person
wife:female
wiggler:person
wight:person
windower:male
winker:person
winner:person
withholder:person
witness:person
woman of the street:female
woman:female
womaniser:person
womanizer:person
wonder boy:male
wonder woman:female
worker:person
working girl:female
world:person
worldling:person
wriggler:person
wuss:person
yawner:person
yearner:person
yellow man:male
yellow woman:female
yielder:person
young buck:male
young lady:female
young man:male
young woman:female
